Is everything you said true?
Of course! How could I lie to you?
Light rain I touch my conscience enlightenment
Everything I say is true
light rain
You woke up.
Ah light rain
This is your mother, Mrs. Du
You are a relative of the dormitory
in-laws
vaccine
What's going on here?
Although so-and-so light rain is strange
But lost his memory
Amnesia
true or false?
It looks real.
If we are single, we can take him to the hospital for a checkup.
Then without you, wait for me to come out first.
Xiaoyu, I will say a few words to you. Please rest well first.
Yiming
Qin poetry and poetry translation
Is that a good thing for us?
In this way, he can marry you smoothly
Xiaoxuan can also marry Ji Mingchuan safely
Yes, so I plan to hold a wedding with Xiaoyu next week
So you can make elementary school very hard
You don't
I can see that you are a good boy.
So our Xiaoxuan has also paid a lot, oops.
As long as Mrs. Du and Xiaoxuan remember my kindness
Don't forget when you get Ji Jia's property.
What's more, Xiaoyu actually makes me more excited than Xiaoxuan
I didn't know he was too angry
And now he is.
Maybe something has changed
OK